# Blog for the 17th of September

**Attending:**

- Samuel (secretary)
- Mirko
- Fredrika
- Pontus 
  

***The Morning:***

As we started the day we ran head into some trouble. The project that worked great when we finished up yesterday was today corrupt in inexplicable ways. We tried to understand the root of the problem the first 45 minutes but then came to the conclusion to remove all the project files and created it all again.

We are at this moment in the process of setting up Docker again.

We realized about 2 hours in that our problems most probably derived from not having a .gitignore. 

After the addition of the .gitignore file, all seems well. We are now going to copy and paste in the code from yesterday and we will be set to continue.

Our goal right now is to add EF Core to the project, create a database and start adding some data to the database. 

Our Azure DevOps seems to be in a questionable state. It no longer is connected in a good way to our Git repo, so we're looking into how to fix it right now. It might've been some mix up with the yaml-file. 
We're now creating a new build-pipeline.

We fell back onto some git problems, when we pull the repo we get errors that we need to push changes that we did not make.

We once again remade everything, all project files and Azure Pipeline. We have configured the .gitignore correctly and everything works. 

Now it's lunchtime, baby!

***The Afternoon:***

After lunch we have been starting to set up the DbContext for our project, installing a couple of nuget packages. Discussing different approaches for the file structure and for the file that will contain the connection string. 

***For Tomorrow:***

Tomorrow we will continue the development of the EF Core part of the project. Set up the database and make sure the connection is up and working. 