# Blog for the 18th of September

Attending:**

* Mirko  (secretary)

- Samuel
- Fredrika
- Pontus 

***The Morning:***

We started talking about our Dbcontext class, how we should configure the connection to our cloud DB.  We used us of this code 

```c#
optionsBuilder.UseSqlServer(_Configuration.GetConnectionString("DefaultConnection"));
```

which we did an injection with and in the startup class we added 

```C#
services.AddDbContext<SpaceparkContext>();
```

which means that we are specifying that we are using this context.



Then we started creating our Azure Db through Pontus account. So we started from the scratch and repeated it all. The name of the Resource group was **SpaceParkRescourceGroup5** and the Database name was **SpaceParkDb** and the server-name was **Space-Park-Server**. In the Database Configuration we choose the serverless option and 4vCores  and our Data max size was 6 GB. In the Firewall rules we choose to Deny Azure services and resources to access the server because we read that is was easier to connect to it through all Pontus resources. We choose to add the current clients IP adress. After all this timeconsumption we inserted our username and password in our "DefaultConnectionString". We wanted to try out if the Database and the connection worked so we created and object and tried to inject it in to the DB. The SQL-injection didnt work so we did a quick fix on it, we argued with the decimal on the spaceship length, we couldn't get it to work so we changed the prop to an int instead.

**YEEEEEEES** We finally have data in our Db in the CLOUD!



Onwards to **TESTING**.

It seems that we dont have a connection with the Swapi/API so we are trying to troubleshoot it.



**LUNCH**



WHY NAME IT STARSHIP WHEN ITS CALLED STARSHIPS IN THE SWAPI/API F#?&!!!!

Now we finally can continue with the testing......:(

It works, this is the tests we have done for today 

```c#
[Fact]
    public void GetPerson_Test()
    {
        APICaller api = new APICaller();
        var person = api.GetPerson("Luke Skywalker");

        Assert.Equal("Luke Skywalker", person.Name);
    }

[Fact]
    public void GetSpaceShip_Test()
    {
        APICaller api = new APICaller();
        var person = api.GetPerson("Luke Skywalker");
        var spaceship = api.GetStarship(person.Starships[1]);

        Assert.Equal("Imperial shuttle", spaceship.Name);
    }
```

.

No we are trying to create a method where we can check if there is any available parkinglot. We are putting that method in our ParkingGuard class. Which toooooooook all afternoon(NOT FINISHED.  



Thx but its enough for today.

