# Blog for the 21 of September

**Attending:**

1. Fredrika (Secretary)
2. Samuel
3. Mirko
4. Pontus

**The Afternoon**:

Because of some errors from last time the first thing we have to do is either a new migration to our database or delete our existing and create a new. 

We started out with a new migration, but it took a while for our database to deploy so we couldn't try a update.

We went on to look at the structure. Last time we created a repository and controller named ParkingGuard[...], but perhaps the existing methods and logic in this class could be moved into a ParkingLot controller/repository. We want our project to follow the structure of our earlier projects where each model had a repository and controller. 

We decided to divide the models and classes between each other, this will save some time. The generic repository was copy-pasted from one of Samuels earlier project into our project to save even more time. We erased some of the existing generic methods because they felt a bit unnecessary for our project.

 *" Now time for a 15 minute break;*

We divided the models as follows: 

1. Person -> Fredrika
2. Starship -> Pontus
3. Parkinglot -> Mirko
4. Frontend -> Samuel

Some problems with the generic repository, and the other repositories occured. We spent some time figuring out what caused the error and figured out it was because the base class inherited the entity, we wanted the methods to inherit the entity instead. It fixed it all.

```C#
public async Task Add<T>(T entity) where T : class
```

We had some problem with an async method in ParkinglotRepository. We couldn't figure out where to put the "await" and ToListAsync() could for the love of god not work!! Stephan our saviour came to our rescue and solved our problem in just a few seconds. :happy:

At the end of the day we decided that, before we can continue, we need to go through exactly what methods we want in our repositories and controllers.  


